you
[Music]
then Moses gathered all the congregation
of the children of Israel together these
are the words which the Lord has
commanded me to do work shall be done
for six days but the seventh day shall
be a holy day for you a Sabbath of rest
to the Lord
whoever does any work on it shall be put
to death
you shall Kindle no fire throughout your
dwellings and Moses spoke to all the
congregation of the children of Israel
this is the thing which the LORD
commanded saying take from among you and
offering to the Lord whoever is of a
willing heart let him bring it as an
offering
[Music]
gold silver in the bronze blue purple
and scarlet thread fine linen and goats
hair Rams skins dyed red badger skins
and acacia wood oil for the light and
spices for the anointing oil and for the
sweet incense Onyx stones and stones to
be set in the ephod
in the breastplate all who are gifted
artisans among you shall come and make
all that the Lord has commanded the
tabernacle its tent its covering its
clasps its boards its bars its pillars
and its sockets the ark and its poles
with the mercy seat and the veil of the
covering the table and it's poles all
its utensils and the showbread also the
Lambs stand for the light its utensils
its lamps and the oil for the light the
incense altar its poles the anointing
oil the sweet incense and the screen for
the door at the entrance of the
tabernacle the altar of burnt-offering
with its bronze grating its poles all
its utensils and the labor and its base
the hangings of the court
it's pillars there sockets and the
screen for the gate of the court the
pegs of the tabernacle the pegs of the
court and their cords the garments of
ministry for ministering in the holy
place the holy garments for aaron the
priests and the garments of the sons to
minister as priests and all the
congregation of the children of israel
departed from the presence of moses and
everyone came whose heart was stirred
but everyone whose spirit was willing
and they brought the lord's offering for
the work of the tabernacle of meeting
for all its service and for the holy
garments they came both men and women as
many as had a willing heart and brought
earrings and nose rings rings and
necklaces all jewelry of gold that is
every man who made an offering of gold
to the lord and every man with whom was
found blue purple and scarlet thread
fine linen and goats redskins of rams
and badger skins brought them every one
who offered an offering of silver or
bronze brought the lord's offering and
everyone with whom was found acacia wood
for any work of service brought it all
the women who were gifted artisans spun
yarn with their hands and brought what
they had spun of blue purple and scarlet
and fine linen and all the women whose
hearts stirred with wisdom spun yarn of
goods hair
the rulers brought onyx stones and the
stones to be set in the ephod and in the
breastplate and spices and oil for the
light for the anointing oil and for the
sweet incense the children of Israel
brought a free will offering to the Lord
all the men and women whose hearts were
willing to bring material for all kinds
of work which the Lord by the hand of
Moses had commanded to be done and Moses
said to the children of Israel see the
Lord has called my name
Bezalel the son of Uriah the son of
Earth of the tribe of Judah and he has
filled him with the Spirit of God in
wisdom and understanding in knowledge
and all manner of workmanship to design
artistic works to work in gold and soot
and bronze in cutting jewels for seventh
in carving wood and to work in all
manner of artistic workmanship and he
has put in his heart the ability to
teach in him and a holly of the son of a
hiss amok of the tribe of Dan
he has filled them with skill to do all
manner of work of the engraver and the
designer and the tapestry maker in blue
purple and scarlet thread and fine linen
and of the Weaver those who do every
work and those who design artistic works